     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93950.html][PATCH] SoC: rockchip-max98090: Remove MICBIAS as supply of input pin IN34, Enric Balletbo i Serra
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93949.html][PATCH] SoC: rockchip: rockchip_max98090: Enable MICBIAS for headset keypress detection, Enric Balletbo i Serra
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93942.html][PATCH 0/6] ALSA/HDA: abort probe when DMICs are detected, Pierre-Louis Bossart
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93943.html][PATCH 1/6] ASoC: Intel: Skylake: move NHLT header to common directory, Pierre-Louis Bossart
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93944.html][PATCH 2/6] ALSA: hda: move parts of NHLT code to new module, Pierre-Louis Bossart
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93945.html][PATCH 4/6] ALSA: hda: intel-nhlt: handle NHLT VENDOR_DEFINED DMIC geometry, Pierre-Louis Bossart
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93946.html][PATCH 3/6] ALSA: hda: intel-nhlt: remove useless OR operation, Pierre-Louis Bossart
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93951.html]Re: [PATCH 3/6] ALSA: hda: intel-nhlt: remove useless OR operation, Takashi Iwai
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93953.html]Re: [PATCH 3/6] ALSA: hda: intel-nhlt: remove useless OR operation, Pierre-Louis Bossart
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93947.html][PATCH 5/6] ASoC: Intel: Skylake: use common NHLT module, Pierre-Louis Bossart
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93948.html][PATCH 6/6] ALSA: hda/intel: stop probe if DMICS are detected on Skylake+ platforms, Pierre-Louis Bossart
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93952.html]Re: [PATCH 6/6] ALSA: hda/intel: stop probe if DMICS are detected on Skylake+ platforms, Takashi Iwai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93934.html][PATCH] ASoC: tlv320aic31xx: suppress error message for EPROBE_DEFER, Lucas Stach
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93936.html]Re: [PATCH] ASoC: tlv320aic31xx: suppress error message for EPROBE_DEFER, Andrew F. Davis
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93932.html][PATCH] ALSA: pcm: Fix refcount_inc() on zero usage, Takashi Iwai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93922.html][PATCH v6 0/6] VAG power control improvement for sgtl5000 codec, Oleksandr Suvorov
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93923.html][PATCH v6 2/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: Improve VAG power and mute control, Oleksandr Suvorov
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93931.html]Re: [PATCH v6 2/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: Improve VAG power and mute control, Cezary Rojewski
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93924.html][PATCH v6 1/6] ASoC: Define a set of DAPM pre/post-up events, Oleksandr Suvorov
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93925.html][PATCH v6 3/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: Fix definition of VAG Ramp Control, Oleksandr Suvorov
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93926.html][PATCH v6 4/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: add ADC mute control, Oleksandr Suvorov
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93927.html][PATCH v6 5/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: Fix of unmute outputs on probe, Oleksandr Suvorov
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93928.html][PATCH v6 6/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: Fix charge pump source assignment, Oleksandr Suvorov
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93918.html][PATCH 3/3] ASoC: rt1308: Convert headers to SPDX, shumingf
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93941.html]Re: [PATCH 3/3] ASoC: rt1308: Convert headers to SPDX, Mark Brown
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93917.html][PATCH 2/3] ASoC: rt1308: add silence detection and manual PDB control, shumingf
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93916.html][PATCH 1/3] ASoC: rt1308: simplify the EFUSE read function, shumingf
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93915.html][PATCH] soundwire: fix regmap dependencies and align with other serial links, Pierre-Louis Bossart
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93921.html]Re: [PATCH] soundwire: fix regmap dependencies and align with other serial links, Rafael J. Wysocki
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93897.html][PATCH] ASoC: samsung: odroid: Use common code in odroid_audio_probe(), Markus Elfring
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93905.html]Re: [PATCH] ASoC: samsung: odroid: Use common code in odroid_audio_probe(), Krzysztof Kozlowski
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93896.html][PATCH] ALSA: line6: Fix wrong altsetting for LINE6_PODHD500_1, Kai-Heng Feng
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93898.html]Re: [PATCH] ALSA: line6: Fix wrong altsetting for LINE6_PODHD500_1, Takashi Iwai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93894.html][PATCH 0/2] ALSA: AMD and Nvidia HD-audio component notifier support, Takashi Iwai
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93893.html][PATCH 1/2] ALSA: hda/hdmi - Don't report spurious jack state changes, Takashi Iwai
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93904.html]Re: [PATCH 1/2] ALSA: hda/hdmi - Don't report spurious jack state changes, Kai Vehmanen
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93906.html]Re: [PATCH 1/2] ALSA: hda/hdmi - Don't report spurious jack state changes, Takashi Iwai
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93895.html][PATCH 2/2] ALSA: hda/hdmi - Allow audio component for AMD/ATI and Nvidia HDMI, Takashi Iwai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93886.html][PATCH v5 0/6] VAG power control improvement for sgtl5000 codec, Oleksandr Suvorov
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93887.html][PATCH v5 2/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: Improve VAG power and mute control, Oleksandr Suvorov
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93909.html]Re: [PATCH v5 2/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: Improve VAG power and mute control, Igor Opaniuk
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93910.html]Re: [PATCH v5 2/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: Improve VAG power and mute control, Cezary Rojewski
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93911.html]Re: [PATCH v5 2/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: Improve VAG power and mute control, Cezary Rojewski
                         @ [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93919.html]Re: [PATCH v5 2/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: Improve VAG power and mute control, Oleksandr Suvorov
                              - [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93920.html]Re: [PATCH v5 2/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: Improve VAG power and mute control, Cezary Rojewski
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93888.html][PATCH v5 3/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: Fix definition of VAG Ramp Control, Oleksandr Suvorov
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93889.html][PATCH v5 1/6] ASoC: Define a set of DAPM pre/post-up events, Oleksandr Suvorov
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93890.html][PATCH v5 4/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: add ADC mute control, Oleksandr Suvorov
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93891.html][PATCH v5 5/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: Fix of unmute outputs on probe, Oleksandr Suvorov
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93892.html][PATCH v5 6/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: Fix charge pump source assignment, Oleksandr Suvorov
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93885.html][PATCH] ASoC: dapm: Fix handling of custom_stop_condition on DAPM graph walks, Charles Keepax
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93880.html][PATCH v3 1/2] ASoC: SOF: add flag for position update ipc, Keyon Jie
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93881.html][PATCH v3 2/2] ASoC: SOF: Intel: fix reset of host_period_bytes, Keyon Jie
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93882.html]Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] ASoC: SOF: add flag for position update ipc, Pierre-Louis Bossart
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93883.html]Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] ASoC: SOF: add flag for position update ipc, Keyon Jie
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93902.html]Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] ASoC: SOF: add flag for position update ipc, Rajwa, Marcin
                         @ [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93907.html]Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] ASoC: SOF: add flag for position update ipc, Pierre-Louis Bossart
                              - [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93929.html]Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] ASoC: SOF: add flag for position update ipc, Rajwa, Marcin
                                   = [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93933.html]Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] ASoC: SOF: add flag for position update ipc, Pierre-Louis Bossart
                                   * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93937.html]Re: [PATCH v3 1/2] ASoC: SOF: add flag for position update ipc, Rajwa, Marcin
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93863.html][PATCH v4 0/6] VAG power control improvement for sgtl5000 codec, Oleksandr Suvorov
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93864.html][PATCH v4 1/6] ASoC: Define a set of DAPM pre/post-up events, Oleksandr Suvorov
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93871.html]Re: [PATCH v4 1/6] ASoC: Define a set of DAPM pre/post-up events, Fabio Estevam
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93865.html][PATCH v4 2/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: Improve VAG power and mute control, Oleksandr Suvorov
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93872.html]Re: [PATCH v4 2/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: Improve VAG power and mute control, Fabio Estevam
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93878.html]Re: [PATCH v4 2/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: Improve VAG power and mute control, Sasha Levin
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93866.html][PATCH v4 3/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: Fix definition of VAG Ramp Control, Oleksandr Suvorov
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93873.html]Re: [PATCH v4 3/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: Fix definition of VAG Ramp Control, Fabio Estevam
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93867.html][PATCH v4 4/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: add ADC mute control, Oleksandr Suvorov
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93874.html]Re: [PATCH v4 4/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: add ADC mute control, Fabio Estevam
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93868.html][PATCH v4 5/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: Fix of unmute outputs on probe, Oleksandr Suvorov
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93875.html]Re: [PATCH v4 5/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: Fix of unmute outputs on probe, Fabio Estevam
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93869.html][PATCH v4 6/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: Fix charge pump source assignment, Oleksandr Suvorov
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93876.html]Re: [PATCH v4 6/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: Fix charge pump source assignment, Fabio Estevam
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93861.html][PATCH V6 RESEND] ALSA: usb-audio: Scarlett Gen 2 mixer interface, Geoffrey D. Bennett
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93908.html]Re: [PATCH V6 RESEND] ALSA: usb-audio: Scarlett Gen 2 mixer interface, Takashi Iwai
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93939.html]Re: [PATCH V6 RESEND] ALSA: usb-audio: Scarlett Gen 2 mixer interface, Geoffrey D. Bennett
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93940.html]Re: [PATCH V6 RESEND] ALSA: usb-audio: Scarlett Gen 2 mixer interface, Takashi Iwai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93852.html][PATCH] ALSA: hda - Optimize resume for codecs without jack detection, Takashi Iwai
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93903.html]Re: [PATCH] ALSA: hda - Optimize resume for codecs without jack detection, Kai Vehmanen
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93846.html][PATCH 0/3] i.MX8M support for FSL SAI, Lucas Stach
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93847.html][PATCH 1/3] ASoC: fsl_sai: add of_match data, Lucas Stach
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93854.html]Re: [PATCH 1/3] ASoC: fsl_sai: add of_match data, Daniel Baluta
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93899.html]Re: [PATCH 1/3] ASoC: fsl_sai: add of_match data, Angus Ainslie
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93848.html][PATCH 3/3] ASoC: fsl_sai: add i.MX8M support, Lucas Stach
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93853.html]Re: [PATCH 3/3] ASoC: fsl_sai: add i.MX8M support, Daniel Baluta
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93856.html]Re: [PATCH 3/3] ASoC: fsl_sai: add i.MX8M support, Lucas Stach
                         @ [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93857.html]Re: [PATCH 3/3] ASoC: fsl_sai: add i.MX8M support, Daniel Baluta
                              - [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93858.html]Re: [PATCH 3/3] ASoC: fsl_sai: add i.MX8M support, Angus Ainslie
                                   = [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93884.html]Re: [PATCH 3/3] ASoC: fsl_sai: add i.MX8M support, Daniel Baluta
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93901.html]Re: [PATCH 3/3] ASoC: fsl_sai: add i.MX8M support, Angus Ainslie
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93912.html]Re: [PATCH 3/3] ASoC: fsl_sai: add i.MX8M support, Cezary Rojewski
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93913.html]Re: [PATCH 3/3] ASoC: fsl_sai: add i.MX8M support, Daniel Baluta
                         @ [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93914.html]Re: [PATCH 3/3] ASoC: fsl_sai: add i.MX8M support, Cezary Rojewski
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93849.html][PATCH 2/3] ASoC: fsl_sai: derive TX FIFO watermark from FIFO depth, Lucas Stach
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93900.html]Re: [PATCH 2/3] ASoC: fsl_sai: derive TX FIFO watermark from FIFO depth, Angus Ainslie
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93845.html][PATCH] ASoC: fsl_sai: mark regmap as fast_io, Lucas Stach
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93850.html]Re: [PATCH] ASoC: fsl_sai: mark regmap as fast_io, Mark Brown
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93851.html]Re: [PATCH] ASoC: fsl_sai: mark regmap as fast_io, Lucas Stach
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93838.html][PATCH v5 0/5] Add HDMI jack support on RK3288, Cheng-Yi Chiang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93839.html][PATCH v5 1/5] ASoC: hdmi-codec: Add an op to set callback function for plug event, Cheng-Yi Chiang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93840.html][PATCH v5 2/5] drm: bridge: dw-hdmi: Report connector status using callback, Cheng-Yi Chiang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93841.html][PATCH v5 3/5] drm: dw-hdmi-i2s: Use fixed id for codec device, Cheng-Yi Chiang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93842.html][PATCH v5 4/5] ASoC: rockchip_max98090: Add dai_link for HDMI, Cheng-Yi Chiang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93843.html][PATCH v5 5/5] ASoC: rockchip_max98090: Add HDMI jack support, Cheng-Yi Chiang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93844.html]Re: [PATCH v5 0/5] Add HDMI jack support on RK3288, Tzung-Bi Shih
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93829.html][PATCH v2] ALSA: hda/hdmi - Fix i915 reverse port/pin mapping, Takashi Iwai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93822.html][PATCH 00/14] pending doc patches for 5.3-rc, Mauro Carvalho Chehab
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93823.html][PATCH 13/14] docs: remove extra conf.py files, Mauro Carvalho Chehab
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93815.html][PATCH v4 0/5] Add HDMI jack support on RK3288, Cheng-Yi Chiang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93816.html][PATCH v4 1/5] ASoC: hdmi-codec: Add an op to set callback function for plug event, Cheng-Yi Chiang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93817.html][PATCH v4 2/5] drm: bridge: dw-hdmi: Report connector status using callback, Cheng-Yi Chiang
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93824.html]Re: [PATCH v4 2/5] drm: bridge: dw-hdmi: Report connector status using callback, Tzung-Bi Shih
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93835.html]Re: [PATCH v4 2/5] drm: bridge: dw-hdmi: Report connector status using callback, Cheng-yi Chiang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93818.html][PATCH v4 3/5] drm: dw-hdmi-i2s: Use fixed id for codec device, Cheng-Yi Chiang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93819.html][PATCH v4 4/5] ASoC: rockchip_max98090: Add dai_link for HDMI, Cheng-Yi Chiang
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93825.html]Re: [PATCH v4 4/5] ASoC: rockchip_max98090: Add dai_link for HDMI, Tzung-Bi Shih
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93836.html]Re: [PATCH v4 4/5] ASoC: rockchip_max98090: Add dai_link for HDMI, Cheng-yi Chiang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93820.html][PATCH v4 5/5] ASoC: rockchip_max98090: Add HDMI jack support, Cheng-Yi Chiang
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93826.html]Re: [PATCH v4 5/5] ASoC: rockchip_max98090: Add HDMI jack support, Tzung-Bi Shih
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93837.html]Re: [PATCH v4 5/5] ASoC: rockchip_max98090: Add HDMI jack support, Cheng-yi Chiang
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93814.html][PATCH] ASoC: cs42xx8: Fix MFREQ selection issue for async mode, shengjiu . wang
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93808.html][PATCH 1/2] ALSA: hda/hdmi - Remove duplicated define, Takashi Iwai
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93809.html][PATCH 2/2] ALSA: hda/hdmi - Fix i915 reverse port/pin mapping, Takashi Iwai
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93827.html]Re: [PATCH 2/2] ALSA: hda/hdmi - Fix i915 reverse port/pin mapping, Kai Vehmanen
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93828.html]Re: [PATCH 2/2] ALSA: hda/hdmi - Fix i915 reverse port/pin mapping, Takashi Iwai
                         @ [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93830.html]Re: [PATCH 2/2] ALSA: hda/hdmi - Fix i915 reverse port/pin mapping, Kai Vehmanen
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93806.html][PATCH] ALSA: hda/realtek: apply ALC891 headset fixup to one Dell machine, Hui Wang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93807.html]Re: [PATCH] ALSA: hda/realtek: apply ALC891 headset fixup to one Dell machine, Takashi Iwai
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93834.html]Re: [PATCH] ALSA: hda/realtek: apply ALC891 headset fixup to one Dell machine, Sasha Levin
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93805.html][PATCH] ALSA: hda - Don't resume forcibly i915 HDMI/DP codec, Takashi Iwai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93804.html][PATCH] ASoC: max98383: fix i2c probe failure, chunguo feng
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93797.html][PATCH] ASoC: mediatek: mt8183: make headset codec optional, Tzung-Bi Shih
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93796.html][PATCH] ALSA: seq: Break too long mutex context in the write loop, Takashi Iwai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93795.html][PATCH] ASoC: SOF: Intel: hda: Initialize HDA controller after i915 init, Ranjani Sridharan
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93787.html][PATCH AUTOSEL 5.1 201/219] ASoC: audio-graph-card: fix use-after-free in graph_for_each_link, Sasha Levin
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93786.html][PATCH AUTOSEL 5.2 230/249] ASoC: audio-graph-card: fix use-after-free in graph_for_each_link, Sasha Levin
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93775.html][PATCH 0/8] docs: some improvements when producing PDF files, Mauro Carvalho Chehab
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93776.html][PATCH 8/8] docs: remove extra conf.py files, Mauro Carvalho Chehab
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93803.html]Re: [PATCH 8/8] docs: remove extra conf.py files, Markus Heiser
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93785.html]Re: [PATCH 8/8] docs: remove extra conf.py files, Mauro Carvalho Chehab
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93770.html][RFC PATCH] Docs: move more driver, device related docs into drivers dir follows kernel source, Alex Shi
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93758.html][PATCH 0/2] ASoC: samsung: odroid: fix err handling of odroid_audio_probe, Wen Yang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93759.html][PATCH 1/2] ASoC: samsung: odroid: fix an use-after-free issue for codec, Wen Yang
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93771.html]Re: [PATCH 1/2] ASoC: samsung: odroid: fix an use-after-free issue for codec, Markus Elfring
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93812.html]Re: [PATCH 1/2] ASoC: samsung: odroid: fix an use-after-free issue for codec, Krzysztof Kozlowski
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93760.html][PATCH 2/2] ASoC: samsung: odroid: fix a double-free issue for cpu_dai, Wen Yang
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93813.html]Re: [PATCH 2/2] ASoC: samsung: odroid: fix a double-free issue for cpu_dai, Krzysztof Kozlowski
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93772.html]Re: [PATCH 0/2] ASoC: samsung: odroid: fix err handling of odroid_audio_probe, Markus Elfring
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93751.html][PATCH v3 0/6] VAG power control improvement for sgtl5000 codec, Oleksandr Suvorov
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93752.html][PATCH v3 1/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: Fix definition of VAG Ramp Control, Oleksandr Suvorov
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93753.html][PATCH v3 2/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: add ADC mute control, Oleksandr Suvorov
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93754.html][PATCH v3 3/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: Fix of unmute outputs on probe, Oleksandr Suvorov
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93755.html][PATCH v3 4/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: Fix charge pump source assignment, Oleksandr Suvorov
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93756.html][PATCH v3 5/6] ASoC: Define a set of DAPM pre/post-up events, Oleksandr Suvorov
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93757.html][PATCH v3 6/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: Improve VAG power and mute control, Oleksandr Suvorov
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93777.html]Re: [PATCH v3 6/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: Improve VAG power and mute control, Cezary Rojewski
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93855.html]Re: [PATCH v3 6/6] ASoC: sgtl5000: Improve VAG power and mute control, Oleksandr Suvorov
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93790.html]Re: [PATCH v3 0/6] VAG power control improvement for sgtl5000 codec, Fabio Estevam
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93870.html]Re: [PATCH v3 0/6] VAG power control improvement for sgtl5000 codec, Oleksandr Suvorov
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93749.html][PATCH] ASoC: Intel: bytcht_es8316: Add quirk for Irbis NB41 netbook, Hans de Goede
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93738.html][PATCH v3 0/5] Add HDMI jack support on RK3288, Cheng-Yi Chiang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93739.html][PATCH v3 1/5] ASoC: hdmi-codec: Add an op to set callback function for plug event, Cheng-Yi Chiang
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93748.html]Re: [PATCH v3 1/5] ASoC: hdmi-codec: Add an op to set callback function for plug event, Russell King - ARM Linux admin
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93789.html]Re: [PATCH v3 1/5] ASoC: hdmi-codec: Add an op to set callback function for plug event, Tzung-Bi Shih
                         @ [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93810.html]Re: [PATCH v3 1/5] ASoC: hdmi-codec: Add an op to set callback function for plug event, Cheng-yi Chiang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93740.html][PATCH v3 2/5] drm: bridge: dw-hdmi: Report connector status using callback, Cheng-Yi Chiang
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93745.html]Re: [PATCH v3 2/5] drm: bridge: dw-hdmi: Report connector status using callback, Russell King - ARM Linux admin
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93821.html]Re: [PATCH v3 2/5] drm: bridge: dw-hdmi: Report connector status using callback, Cheng-yi Chiang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93741.html][PATCH v3 3/5] drm: dw-hdmi-i2s: Use fixed id for codec device, Cheng-Yi Chiang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93742.html][PATCH v3 4/5] ASoC: rockchip_max98090: Add dai_link for HDMI, Cheng-Yi Chiang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93743.html][PATCH v3 5/5] FROMLIST: ASoC: rockchip_max98090: Add HDMI jack support, Cheng-Yi Chiang
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93744.html]Re: [PATCH v3 5/5] FROMLIST: ASoC: rockchip_max98090: Add HDMI jack support, Cheng-yi Chiang
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93737.html][PATCH] ASoC: audio-graph-card: fix type mismatch warning, Arnd Bergmann
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93761.html]Re: [PATCH] ASoC: audio-graph-card: fix type mismatch warning, Oleksandr Suvorov
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93729.html][PATCH] ASoC: audio-graph-card: Constify reg in graph_get_dai_id, Nathan Chancellor
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93730.html][PATCH v2] ASoC: audio-graph-card: Constify reg in graph_get_dai_id, Nathan Chancellor
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93731.html]Re: [PATCH v2] ASoC: audio-graph-card: Constify reg in graph_get_dai_id, Kuninori Morimoto
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93732.html]Re: [PATCH v2] ASoC: audio-graph-card: Constify reg in graph_get_dai_id, Nathan Chancellor
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93724.html][PATCH] sound: soc: codecs: wcd9335: fix "conversion to bool not needed here", Hariprasad Kelam
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93727.html]Re: [PATCH] sound: soc: codecs: wcd9335: fix "conversion to bool not needed here", Joe Perches
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93762.html]Re: [PATCH] sound: soc: codecs: wcd9335: fix "conversion to bool not needed here", Hariprasad Kelam
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93763.html]Re: [PATCH] sound: soc: codecs: wcd9335: fix "conversion to bool not needed here", Hariprasad Kelam
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93723.html][PATCH] sound: pci: rme9652: Unneeded variable: "result"., Hariprasad Kelam
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93784.html]Re: [PATCH] sound: pci: rme9652: Unneeded variable: "result"., Takashi Iwai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93722.html][PATCH] sound: pci: emu10k1: Remove unneeded variable "change", Hariprasad Kelam
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93736.html]Re: [PATCH] sound: pci: emu10k1: Remove unneeded variable "change", Wasko, Michal
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93764.html]Re: [PATCH] sound: pci: emu10k1: Remove unneeded variable "change", Takashi Iwai
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93783.html]Re: [PATCH] sound: pci: emu10k1: Remove unneeded variable "change", Takashi Iwai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93721.html][PATCH] sound: pci: au88x0: Remove unneeded variable: "changed", Hariprasad Kelam
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93782.html]Re: [PATCH] sound: pci: au88x0: Remove unneeded variable: "changed", Takashi Iwai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93712.html][PATCH V4 0/2] recover the channel swap after xrun, shengjiu . wang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93713.html][PATCH V4 1/2] ASoC: fsl_esai: Wrap some operations to be functions, shengjiu . wang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93714.html][PATCH V4 2/2] ASoC: fsl_esai: recover the channel swap after xrun, shengjiu . wang
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93719.html]Re: [PATCH V4 2/2] ASoC: fsl_esai: recover the channel swap after xrun, Nicolin Chen
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93711.html][PATCH 2/2] ASoC: rt1011: Add R0 temperature and TDM1 ADC2DAT Swap control, shumingf
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93710.html][PATCH 1/2] ASoC: rt1011: fix DC calibration offset not applying, shumingf
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93709.html]Re: [PATCH V3 2/2] ASoC: fsl_esai: recover the channel swap after xrun, S.j. Wang
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93707.html][PATCH] ASoC: audio-graph-card: add missing const at graph_get_dai_id(), Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93708.html]Re: [PATCH] ASoC: audio-graph-card: add missing const at graph_get_dai_id(), wen.yang99
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93705.html][PATCH] ASoC: rt5677: remove superfluous set, Curtis Malainey
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93689.html][PATCH V6] ALSA: usb-audio: Scarlett Gen 2 mixer interface, Geoffrey D. Bennett
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93685.html][PATCH] ASoC: codecs: ad193x: Use regmap_multi_reg_write() when initializing, Codrin Ciubotariu
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93706.html]Re: [PATCH] ASoC: codecs: ad193x: Use regmap_multi_reg_write() when initializing, Tzung-Bi Shih
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93676.html][PATCH for v5.3] ASoC: simple-card-utils: care no Platform for DPCM, Kuninori Morimoto
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93675.html][PATCH for v5.3] ASoC: simple_card_utils.h: care NULL dai at asoc_simple_debug_dai(), Kuninori Morimoto
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93670.html][PATCH 0/4] Fix some use-after-free problems in sound/soc/generic, Wen Yang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93671.html][PATCH 2/4] ASoC: simple-card: fix an use-after-free in simple_for_each_link(), Wen Yang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93672.html][PATCH 3/4] ASoC: audio-graph-card: fix use-after-free in graph_dai_link_of_dpcm(), Wen Yang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93673.html][PATCH 4/4] ASoC: audio-graph-card: fix an use-after-free in graph_get_dai_id(), Wen Yang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93674.html][PATCH 1/4] ASoC: simple-card: fix an use-after-free in simple_dai_link_of_dpcm(), Wen Yang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93677.html]Re: [PATCH 0/4] Fix some use-after-free problems in sound/soc/generic, Kuninori Morimoto
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93665.html][PATCH v2 0/4] Add HDMI jack support on RK3288, Cheng-Yi Chiang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93666.html][PATCH v2 1/4] ASoC: hdmi-codec: Add an op to set callback function for plug event, Cheng-Yi Chiang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93667.html][PATCH v2 2/4] drm: bridge: dw-hdmi: Report connector status using callback, Cheng-Yi Chiang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93668.html][PATCH v2 3/4] ASoC: rockchip_max98090: Add dai_link for HDMI, Cheng-Yi Chiang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93669.html][PATCH v2 4/4] ASoC: rockchip_max98090: Add HDMI jack support, Cheng-Yi Chiang
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93664.html][PATCH] ASoC: Relocate my e-mail to .com domain zone, Kirill Marinushkin
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93661.html][PATCH 00/12] treewide: Fix GENMASK misuses, Joe Perches
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93662.html][PATCH 12/12] ASoC: wcd9335: Fix misuse of GENMASK macro, Joe Perches
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93679.html]Re: [PATCH 00/12] treewide: Fix GENMASK misuses, Johannes Berg
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93680.html]Re: [PATCH 00/12] treewide: Fix GENMASK misuses, Russell King - ARM Linux admin
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93699.html]Re: [PATCH 00/12] treewide: Fix GENMASK misuses, Joe Perches
                         @ [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93700.html]Re: [PATCH 00/12] treewide: Fix GENMASK misuses, Joe Perches
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93726.html]Re: [PATCH 00/12] treewide: Fix GENMASK misuses, David Miller
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93750.html]Re: [PATCH 00/12] treewide: Fix GENMASK misuses, Andrzej Hajda
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93659.html][PATCH] sound: ppc: snd_ps3: Remove Unneeded variable: "ret", Hariprasad Kelam
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93683.html]Re: [PATCH] sound: ppc: snd_ps3: Remove Unneeded variable: "ret", Takashi Iwai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93658.html][PATCH] sound: pci: lx6464es: Remove unneeded variable err, Hariprasad Kelam
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93681.html]Re: [PATCH] sound: pci: lx6464es: Remove unneeded variable err, Takashi Iwai
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93682.html]Re: [PATCH] sound: pci: lx6464es: Remove unneeded variable err, Takashi Iwai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93652.html][PATCH] sound: soc: bcm: cygnus-pcm: Unneeded variable: "ret"., Hariprasad Kelam
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93651.html][PATCH] sound: soc: codecs: wcd9335: fix Unneeded variable: "ret", Hariprasad Kelam
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93650.html][PATCH] sound: soc: codecs: mt6358: change return type of mt6358_codec_init_reg, Hariprasad Kelam
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93663.html]Re: [PATCH] sound: soc: codecs: mt6358: change return type of mt6358_codec_init_reg, Tzung-Bi Shih
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93747.html]Re: [PATCH] sound: soc: codecs: mt6358: change return type of mt6358_codec_init_reg, Mark Brown
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93649.html][PATCH] ASoC: rt1308: Remove executable attribute from source files, Joe Perches
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93646.html][PATCH V5] ALSA: usb-audio: Scarlett Gen 2 mixer interface, Geoffrey D. Bennett
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93684.html]Re: [PATCH V5] ALSA: usb-audio: Scarlett Gen 2 mixer interface, Takashi Iwai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93640.html][PATCH V4] ALSA: usb-audio: Scarlett Gen 2 mixer interface, Geoffrey D. Bennett
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93644.html]Re: [PATCH V4] ALSA: usb-audio: Scarlett Gen 2 mixer interface, Takashi Iwai
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93645.html]Re: [PATCH V4] ALSA: usb-audio: Scarlett Gen 2 mixer interface, Geoffrey D. Bennett
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93648.html]Re: [PATCH V4] ALSA: usb-audio: Scarlett Gen 2 mixer interface, Takashi Iwai
                         @ [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93686.html]Re: [PATCH V4] ALSA: usb-audio: Scarlett Gen 2 mixer interface, Geoffrey D. Bennett
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93628.html][PATCH 1/4] ALSA: compress: Fix regression on compressed capture streams, Charles Keepax
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93629.html][PATCH 2/4] ALSA: compress: Prevent bypasses of set_params, Charles Keepax
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93630.html][PATCH 4/4] ALSA: compress: Be more restrictive about when a drain is allowed, Charles Keepax
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93631.html][PATCH 3/4] ALSA: compress: Don't allow drain operations on capture streams, Charles Keepax
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93632.html]Re: [PATCH 3/4] ALSA: compress: Don't allow drain operations on capture streams, Vinod Koul
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93638.html]Re: [PATCH 3/4] ALSA: compress: Don't allow drain operations on capture streams, Charles Keepax
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93625.html][PATCH] ASoC: Intel: Atom: read timestamp moved to period_elapsed, Alex Levin
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93633.html]Re: [PATCH] ASoC: Intel: Atom: read timestamp moved to period_elapsed, Andy Shevchenko
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93703.html]Re: [PATCH] ASoC: Intel: Atom: read timestamp moved to period_elapsed, Curtis Malainey
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93859.html]Re: [PATCH] ASoC: Intel: Atom: read timestamp moved to period_elapsed, Pierre-Louis Bossart
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93620.html][RFC PATCH] ASoC: max98357a: use mdelay for sdmode-delay, Tzung-Bi Shih
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93619.html][PATCH v2] ASoC: Intel: Skylake: Recover BXT FW on DSP boot timeout error, Pawel Harlozinski
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93613.html][PATCH 0/2] expand dshare to allow audio clock when not streaming data, Adam Miartus
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93614.html][PATCH 1/2] alsa: pcm: add unsupported OPS, Adam Miartus
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93637.html]Re: [ALSA patch] [PATCH 1/2] alsa: pcm: add unsupported OPS, Takashi Iwai
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93687.html]Re: [ALSA patch] [PATCH 1/2] alsa: pcm: add unsupported OPS, Miartus, Adam (Arion Recruitment; ADITG/ESM)
                         @ [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93688.html]Re: [ALSA patch] [PATCH 1/2] alsa: pcm: add unsupported OPS, Takashi Iwai
                              - [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93718.html]Re: [ALSA patch] [PATCH 1/2] alsa: pcm: add unsupported OPS, Miartus, Adam (Arion Recruitment; ADITG/ESM)
                                   = [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93802.html]Re: [ALSA patch] [PATCH 1/2] alsa: pcm: add unsupported OPS, Takashi Iwai
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93615.html][PATCH 2/2] alsa: dshare: allow missing bindings, Adam Miartus
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93609.html][PATCH V3 0/2] recover the channel swap after xrun, shengjiu . wang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93610.html][PATCH V3 1/2] ASoC: fsl_esai: Wrap some operations to be functions, shengjiu . wang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93611.html][PATCH V3 2/2] ASoC: fsl_esai: recover the channel swap after xrun, shengjiu . wang
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93704.html]Re: [PATCH V3 2/2] ASoC: fsl_esai: recover the channel swap after xrun, Nicolin Chen
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93607.html][RESEND PATCH v2] ASoC: SOF: Intel: hda: Make hdac_device device-managed, Ranjani Sridharan
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93788.html]Re: [RESEND PATCH v2] ASoC: SOF: Intel: hda: Make hdac_device device-managed, Ranjani Sridharan
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93792.html]Re: [RESEND PATCH v2] ASoC: SOF: Intel: hda: Make hdac_device device-managed, Mark Brown
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93794.html]Re: [RESEND PATCH v2] ASoC: SOF: Intel: hda: Make hdac_device device-managed, Ranjani Sridharan
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93600.html][PATCH 0/7] ALSA: firewire-lib: some fixes for tracepoints events, Takashi Sakamoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93599.html][PATCH 1/7] ALSA: firewire-lib: fix invalid length of rx packet payload for tracepoint events, Takashi Sakamoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93601.html][PATCH 2/7] ALSA: firewire-lib/fireface: fix initial value of data block counter for IR context with CIP_NO_HEADER, Takashi Sakamoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93602.html][PATCH 3/7] ALSA: firewire-lib: fix initial value of data block count for IR context without CIP_DBC_IS_END_EVENT, Takashi Sakamoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93603.html][PATCH 4/7] ALSA: firewire-lib: fix different data block counter between probed event and transferred isochronous packet, Takashi Sakamoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93604.html][PATCH 5/7] ALSA: firewire-lib: code refactoring for error path of parser for CIP header, Takashi Sakamoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93605.html][PATCH 6/7] ALSA: firewire-lib: code refactoring for post operation to data block counter, Takashi Sakamoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93606.html][PATCH 7/7] ALSA: firewire-lib: code refactoring for local variables, Takashi Sakamoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93617.html]Re: [PATCH 0/7] ALSA: firewire-lib: some fixes for tracepoints events, Takashi Iwai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93596.html][PATCH v2] ALSA: usb-audio: fix Line6 Helix audio format rates, Nicola Lunghi
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93598.html]Re: [PATCH v2] ALSA: usb-audio: fix Line6 Helix audio format rates, Takashi Iwai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93590.html][PATCH 0/6] ALSA: firewire: fix wrong reference count for stream functionality at error path of rawmidi interface, Takashi Sakamoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93589.html][PATCH 1/6] ALSA: bebob: fix wrong reference count for stream functionality at error path of rawmidi interface, Takashi Sakamoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93591.html][PATCH 4/6] ALSA: dice: fix wrong reference count for stream functionality at error path of rawmidi interface, Takashi Sakamoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93592.html][PATCH 6/6] firewire-motu: fix wrong reference count for stream functionality at error path of rawmidi interface, Takashi Sakamoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93593.html][PATCH 2/6] ALSA: fireworks: fix wrong reference count for stream functionality at error path of rawmidi interface, Takashi Sakamoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93594.html][PATCH 3/6] ALSA: oxfw: fix wrong reference count for stream functionality at error path of rawmidi interface, Takashi Sakamoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93595.html][PATCH 5/6] ALSA: firewire-digi00x: fix wrong reference count for stream functionality at error path of rawmidi interface, Takashi Sakamoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93597.html]Re: [PATCH 0/6] ALSA: firewire: fix wrong reference count for stream functionality at error path of rawmidi interface, Takashi Iwai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93576.html][PATCH 2/3 v2] pcm_file: improve error checking in write_wav_header function, Adam Miartus
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93577.html]Re: [PATCH 2/3 v2] pcm_file: improve error checking in write_wav_header function, Takashi Iwai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93570.html][PATCH] ALSA: hda: Simplify snd_hdac_refresh_widgets(), Takashi Iwai
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93621.html]Re: [PATCH] ALSA: hda: Simplify snd_hdac_refresh_widgets(), Evan Green
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93622.html]Re: [PATCH] ALSA: hda: Simplify snd_hdac_refresh_widgets(), Takashi Iwai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93569.html][PATCH] ALSA: cs4281: remove redundant assignment to variable val and remove a goto, Colin King
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93571.html]Re: [PATCH] ALSA: cs4281: remove redundant assignment to variable val and remove a goto, Takashi Iwai
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93572.html]Re: [PATCH] ALSA: cs4281: remove redundant assignment to variable val and remove a goto, walter harms
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93574.html]Re: [PATCH] ALSA: cs4281: remove redundant assignment to variable val and remove a goto, Takashi Iwai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93567.html][PATCH] sound: pci: asihpi: Remove unneeded variable change, Hariprasad Kelam
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93555.html]Re: [PATCH] sound: pci: asihpi: Remove unneeded variable change, Takashi Iwai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93566.html][PATCH] sound: soc: codecs: wcd9335: add irqflag IRQF_ONESHOT flag, Hariprasad Kelam
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93583.html]Re: [PATCH] sound: soc: codecs: wcd9335: add irqflag IRQF_ONESHOT flag, Ladislav Michl
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93656.html]Re: [PATCH] sound: soc: codecs: wcd9335: add irqflag IRQF_ONESHOT flag, Hariprasad Kelam
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93564.html][PATCH -next] ASoC: SOF: debug: fix possible memory leak in sof_dfsentry_write(), Wei Yongjun
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93578.html]Re: [PATCH -next] ASoC: SOF: debug: fix possible memory leak in sof_dfsentry_write(), Ranjani Sridharan
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93563.html][PATCH] ASoC: rt5665: remove redundant assignment to variable idx, Colin King
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93557.html]Re: [PATCH V2 2/2] ASoC: fsl_esai: recover the channel swap after xrun, S.j. Wang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93623.html]Re: [PATCH V2 2/2] ASoC: fsl_esai: recover the channel swap after xrun, Nicolin Chen
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93624.html]Re: [PATCH V2 2/2] ASoC: fsl_esai: recover the channel swap after xrun, S.j. Wang
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93548.html][PATCH 0/4] Add HDMI jack support on RK3288, Cheng-Yi Chiang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93549.html][PATCH 1/4] ASoC: hdmi-codec: Add an op to set callback function for plug event, Cheng-Yi Chiang
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93558.html]Re: [PATCH 1/4] ASoC: hdmi-codec: Add an op to set callback function for plug event, Tzung-Bi Shih
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93575.html]Re: [PATCH 1/4] ASoC: hdmi-codec: Add an op to set callback function for plug event, Mark Brown
                         @ [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93608.html]Re: [PATCH 1/4] ASoC: hdmi-codec: Add an op to set callback function for plug event, Cheng-yi Chiang
                              - [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93636.html]Re: [PATCH 1/4] ASoC: hdmi-codec: Add an op to set callback function for plug event, Cheng-yi Chiang
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93634.html]Re: [PATCH 1/4] ASoC: hdmi-codec: Add an op to set callback function for plug event, Cezary Rojewski
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93635.html]Re: [PATCH 1/4] ASoC: hdmi-codec: Add an op to set callback function for plug event, Cheng-yi Chiang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93550.html][PATCH 2/4] drm: bridge: dw-hdmi: Report connector status using callback, Cheng-Yi Chiang
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93554.html]Re: [PATCH 2/4] drm: bridge: dw-hdmi: Report connector status using callback, Jonas Karlman
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93561.html]Re: [PATCH 2/4] drm: bridge: dw-hdmi: Report connector status using callback, Cheng-yi Chiang
                         @ [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93579.html]Re: [PATCH 2/4] drm: bridge: dw-hdmi: Report connector status using callback, Mark Brown
                              - [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93585.html]Re: [PATCH 2/4] drm: bridge: dw-hdmi: Report connector status using callback, Cheng-yi Chiang
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93559.html]Re: [PATCH 2/4] drm: bridge: dw-hdmi: Report connector status using callback, Tzung-Bi Shih
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93562.html]Re: [PATCH 2/4] drm: bridge: dw-hdmi: Report connector status using callback, Cheng-yi Chiang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93551.html][PATCH 3/4] ASoC: rockchip_max98090: Add dai_link for HDMI, Cheng-Yi Chiang
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93560.html]Re: [PATCH 3/4] ASoC: rockchip_max98090: Add dai_link for HDMI, Tzung-Bi Shih
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93584.html]Re: [PATCH 3/4] ASoC: rockchip_max98090: Add dai_link for HDMI, Cheng-yi Chiang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93552.html][PATCH 4/4] ASoC: rockchip_max98090: Add HDMI jack support, Cheng-Yi Chiang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93568.html]Re: [PATCH 0/4] Add HDMI jack support on RK3288, Daniel Vetter
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93535.html][PATCH 0/7] ASoC: Intel: Skylake: Driver fundaments overhaul, Cezary Rojewski
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93536.html][PATCH 1/7] ASoC: Intel: Skylake: Merge skl_sst and skl into skl_dev struct, Cezary Rojewski
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93537.html][PATCH 2/7] ASoC: Intel: Skylake: Combine snd_soc_skl_ipc and snd_soc_skl, Cezary Rojewski
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93538.html][PATCH 3/7] ASoC: Intel: Skylake: Remove MCPS available check, Cezary Rojewski
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93539.html][PATCH 4/7] ASoC: Intel: Skylake: Remove memory available check, Cezary Rojewski
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93540.html][PATCH 5/7] ASoC: Intel: Skylake: Do not disable FW notifications, Cezary Rojewski
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93541.html][PATCH 6/7] ASoC: Intel: Skylake: Make MCPS and CPS params obsolete, Cezary Rojewski
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93542.html][PATCH 7/7] ASoC: Intel: Skylake: Cleanup skl_module_cfg declaration, Cezary Rojewski
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93534.html][PATCH v2] ASoC: wcd9335: remove multiple defines., Srinivas Kandagatla
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93532.html][PATCH] ALSA: usb-audio: Fix parse of UAC2 Extension Units, Takashi Iwai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93527.html][PATCH] MLK-22197 sound: asoc: add micfil dc remover amixer control, Irina Patru
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93531.html]Re: [PATCH] MLK-22197 sound: asoc: add micfil dc remover amixer control, Viorel Suman
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93647.html]Re: [PATCH] MLK-22197 sound: asoc: add micfil dc remover amixer control, gabrielcsmo
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93565.html]Re: [PATCH] MLK-22197 sound: asoc: add micfil dc remover amixer control, jana . build
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93526.html][PATCH v2] ASoC: sunxi: sun50i-codec-analog: Add earpiece, Luca Weiss
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93544.html]Re: [PATCH v2] ASoC: sunxi: sun50i-codec-analog: Add earpiece, Chen-Yu Tsai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93525.html][PATCH] ASoC: sunxi: sun50i-codec-analog: Add earpiece, Luca Weiss
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93476.html]Re: [PATCH] ASoC: sunxi: sun50i-codec-analog: Add earpiece, Chen-Yu Tsai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93524.html][PATCH] ALSA: hda/ca0132 - remove redundant assignment to variable 'changed', Colin King
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93530.html]Re: [PATCH] ALSA: hda/ca0132 - remove redundant assignment to variable 'changed', Takashi Iwai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93508.html][PATCH] ASoC: audio-graph-card: fix use-after-free in graph_for_each_link, Wen Yang
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93501.html][PATCH v2 35/35] sound/soc/intel: Use kmemdup rather than duplicating its implementation, Fuqian Huang
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93500.html][PATCH v2 34/35] sound/soc/codecs: Use kmemdup rather than duplicating its implementation, Fuqian Huang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93516.html]Re: [PATCH v2 34/35] sound/soc/codecs: Use kmemdup rather than duplicating its implementation, Richard Fitzgerald
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93499.html][PATCH v2 33/35] sound/pci: Use kmemdup rather than duplicating its implementation, Fuqian Huang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93529.html]Re: [PATCH v2 33/35] sound/pci: Use kmemdup rather than duplicating its implementation, Takashi Iwai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93497.html][PATCH v2 1/2] ASoC: SOF: add flag for position update ipc, Keyon Jie
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93498.html][PATCH v2 2/2] ASoC: SOF: Intel: fix reset of host_period_bytes, Keyon Jie
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93503.html]Re: [PATCH v2 2/2] ASoC: SOF: Intel: fix reset of host_period_bytes, Ranjani Sridharan
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93511.html]Re: [PATCH v2 2/2] ASoC: SOF: Intel: fix reset of host_period_bytes, Kai Vehmanen
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93510.html]Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] ASoC: SOF: add flag for position update ipc, Kai Vehmanen
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93513.html]Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] ASoC: SOF: add flag for position update ipc, Keyon Jie
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93515.html]Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] ASoC: SOF: add flag for position update ipc, Kai Vehmanen
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93860.html]Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] ASoC: SOF: add flag for position update ipc, Pierre-Louis Bossart
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93879.html]Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] ASoC: SOF: add flag for position update ipc, Keyon Jie
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93494.html][PATCH 30/30] sound/soc: Use kmemdup rather than duplicating its implementation, Fuqian Huang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93495.html]Re: [PATCH 30/30] sound/soc: Use kmemdup rather than duplicating its implementation, Richard Fitzgerald
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93496.html]Re: [PATCH 30/30] sound/soc: Use kmemdup rather than duplicating its implementation, Fuqian Huang
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93493.html][PATCH 29/30] sound/pci: Use kmemdup rather than duplicating its implementation, Fuqian Huang
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93492.html][PATCH] ASoC: wcd9335: remove multiple defines., Srinivas Kandagatla
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93533.html]Re: [PATCH] ASoC: wcd9335: remove multiple defines., Mark Brown
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93491.html][PATCH] ASoC: qdsp6: q6afe-dai: Add missing Slimbus0 audio route, Srinivas Kandagatla
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93490.html][PATCH] ASoC: core: Return -ENOTSUPP from set_channel_map() if no operation provided, Srinivas Kandagatla
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93482.html][PATCH 0/2] ASoC: meson: axg-tdm-formatter: add g12a reset, Jerome Brunet
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93483.html][PATCH 1/2] ASoC: meson: axg-tdm-formatter: add reset to the bindings documentation, Jerome Brunet
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93484.html][PATCH 2/2] ASoC: meson: axg-tdm-formatter: add reset, Jerome Brunet
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93466.html][PATCH V2 0/2] recover the channel swap after xrun, shengjiu . wang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93467.html][PATCH V2 1/2] ASoC: fsl_esai: Wrap some operations to be functions, shengjiu . wang
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93478.html]Re: [PATCH V2 1/2] ASoC: fsl_esai: Wrap some operations to be functions, Nicolin Chen
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93468.html][PATCH V2 2/2] ASoC: fsl_esai: recover the channel swap after xrun, shengjiu . wang
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93479.html]Re: [PATCH V2 2/2] ASoC: fsl_esai: recover the channel swap after xrun, Nicolin Chen
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93506.html]Re: [PATCH V2 2/2] ASoC: fsl_esai: recover the channel swap after xrun, Cezary Rojewski
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93454.html][PATCH - use build platform compiler while cross compilation 1/1] use build compilers in cross compilation setup, Ding Xiang Fei
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93453.html][PATCH] sound/soc/codecs/tas5720.c: add ACPI support, Nikolaus Voss
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93320.html]Re: [PATCH] sound/soc/codecs/tas5720.c: add ACPI support, Andrew F. Davis
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93456.html]Re: [PATCH] sound/soc/codecs/tas5720.c: add ACPI support, Nikolaus Voss
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93322.html]Re: [PATCH] sound/soc/codecs/tas5720.c: add ACPI support, Mark Brown
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93455.html]Re: [PATCH] sound/soc/codecs/tas5720.c: add ACPI support, Nikolaus Voss
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93457.html][PATCH v2 0/2] ASoC: tas5720.c: add ACPI enumeration support, Nikolaus Voss
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93458.html][PATCH v2 1/2] ASoC: tas5720.c: cleanup variant management, Nikolaus Voss
                         @ [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93404.html]Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] ASoC: tas5720.c: cleanup variant management, Andrew F. Davis
                              - [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93460.html]Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] ASoC: tas5720.c: cleanup variant management, Nikolaus Voss
                                   = [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93410.html]Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] ASoC: tas5720.c: cleanup variant management, Andrew F. Davis
                                   * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93461.html]Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] ASoC: tas5720.c: cleanup variant management, Nikolaus Voss
                                   + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93504.html]Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] ASoC: tas5720.c: cleanup variant management, Andrew F. Davis
                                   o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93507.html]Re: [PATCH v2 1/2] ASoC: tas5720.c: cleanup variant management, Nikolaus Voss
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93459.html][PATCH v2 2/2] ASoC: tas5720.c: add ACPI enumeration support, Nikolaus Voss
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93452.html][PATCH] ALSA: line6: Fix write on zero-sized buffer, Takashi Iwai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93439.html][PATCH v2 resend 0/3] ASoC: SOF: fix suspend ordering with runtime idle, Kai Vehmanen
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93440.html][PATCH v2 resend 1/3] ASoC: hdac_hdmi: report codec link up/down status to bus, Kai Vehmanen
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93443.html][PATCH v2 2/3] ASoC: SOF: add runtime idle callback, Kai Vehmanen
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93444.html][PATCH v2 resend 3/3] ASoC: SOF: Intel: implement runtime idle for CNL/APL, Kai Vehmanen
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93425.html][PATCH 1/2] ASoC: SOF: ipc: update sof_ipc_stream_params, Keyon Jie
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93426.html][PATCH 2/2] ASoC: SOF: Intel: fix reset of host_period_bytes, Keyon Jie
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93462.html]Re: [PATCH 1/2] ASoC: SOF: ipc: update sof_ipc_stream_params, Ranjani Sridharan
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93464.html]Re: [PATCH 1/2] ASoC: SOF: ipc: update sof_ipc_stream_params, Keyon Jie
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93415.html][PATCH 0/6] ASoC: Add support to WCD9340/WCD9341 codec, Srinivas Kandagatla
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93416.html][PATCH 1/6] ASoC: dt-bindings: add dt bindings for WCD9340/WCD9341 audio codec, Srinivas Kandagatla
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93442.html]Re: [PATCH 1/6] ASoC: dt-bindings: add dt bindings for WCD9340/WCD9341 audio codec, Mark Brown
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93449.html]Re: [PATCH 1/6] ASoC: dt-bindings: add dt bindings for WCD9340/WCD9341 audio codec, Srinivas Kandagatla
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93417.html][PATCH 3/6] ASoC: wcd934x: add basic controls, Srinivas Kandagatla
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93418.html][PATCH 2/6] ASoC: wcd934x: add support to wcd9340/wcd9341 codec, Srinivas Kandagatla
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93445.html]Re: [PATCH 2/6] ASoC: wcd934x: add support to wcd9340/wcd9341 codec, Mark Brown
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93450.html]Re: [PATCH 2/6] ASoC: wcd934x: add support to wcd9340/wcd9341 codec, Srinivas Kandagatla
                         @ [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93451.html]Re: [PATCH 2/6] ASoC: wcd934x: add support to wcd9340/wcd9341 codec, Mark Brown
                              - [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93477.html]Re: [PATCH 2/6] ASoC: wcd934x: add support to wcd9340/wcd9341 codec, Srinivas Kandagatla
                                   = [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93480.html]Re: [PATCH 2/6] ASoC: wcd934x: add support to wcd9340/wcd9341 codec, Mark Brown
                                   * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93481.html]Re: [PATCH 2/6] ASoC: wcd934x: add support to wcd9340/wcd9341 codec, Srinivas Kandagatla
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93419.html][PATCH 5/6] ASoC: wcd934x: add capture dapm widgets, Srinivas Kandagatla
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93420.html][PATCH 4/6] ASoC: wcd934x: add playback dapm widgets, Srinivas Kandagatla
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93421.html][PATCH 6/6] ASoC: wcd934x: add audio routings, Srinivas Kandagatla
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93414.html][PATCH -next] ASoC: rt1308: Fix platform_no_drv_owner.cocci warnings, YueHaibing
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93413.html][PATCH] ALSA: usb-audio: fix Line6 Helix audio format rates, Nicola Lunghi
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93446.html]Re: [PATCH] ALSA: usb-audio: fix Line6 Helix audio format rates, Takashi Iwai
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93447.html]Re: [PATCH] ALSA: usb-audio: fix Line6 Helix audio format rates, Wasko, Michal
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93448.html]Re: [PATCH] ALSA: usb-audio: fix Line6 Helix audio format rates, Takashi Iwai
                         @ [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93472.html]Re: [PATCH] ALSA: usb-audio: fix Line6 Helix audio format rates, nick83ola
                              - [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93473.html]Re: [PATCH] ALSA: usb-audio: fix Line6 Helix audio format rates, Takashi Iwai
                                   = [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93474.html]Re: [PATCH] ALSA: usb-audio: fix Line6 Helix audio format rates, Wasko, Michal
                                   * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93475.html]Re: [PATCH] ALSA: usb-audio: fix Line6 Helix audio format rates, Takashi Iwai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93411.html][PATCH v3] ALSA: hda: Fix widget_mutex incomplete protection, Evan Green
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93412.html]Re: [PATCH v3] ALSA: hda: Fix widget_mutex incomplete protection, Takashi Iwai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93407.html][PATCH v2] ALSA: firewire-lib/fireworks: fix miss detection of received MIDI messages, Takashi Sakamoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93408.html]Re: [PATCH v2] ALSA: firewire-lib/fireworks: fix miss detection of received MIDI messages, Takashi Iwai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93395.html][PATCH 0/3] pcm_file report EIO when fail to write to debug file, Adam Miartus
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93394.html][PATCH 1/3] pcm_file: use EIO instead of EPIPE when failing to write output file, Adam Miartus
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93487.html]Re: [PATCH 1/3] pcm_file: use EIO instead of EPIPE when failing to write output file, Takashi Iwai
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93396.html][PATCH 3/3] pcm_file: in case of failed write clear file buffer variables, Adam Miartus
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93488.html]Re: [PATCH 3/3] pcm_file: in case of failed write clear file buffer variables, Takashi Iwai
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93397.html][PATCH 2/3] pcm_file: improve error checking in write_wav_header function, Adam Miartus
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93486.html]Re: [PATCH 2/3] pcm_file: improve error checking in write_wav_header function, Takashi Iwai
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93489.html]Re: [PATCH 0/3] pcm_file report EIO when fail to write to debug file, Takashi Iwai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93388.html][PATCH] ALSA: hda: Fix a headphone detection issue when using SOF, Rander Wang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93401.html]Re: [PATCH] ALSA: hda: Fix a headphone detection issue when using SOF, Takashi Iwai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93383.html][PATCH RFC V3] ALSA: usb-audio: Scarlett Gen 2 mixer interface, Geoffrey D. Bennett
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93380.html][PATCH -next] ASoC: madera: Remove duplicated include from cs47l35.c, YueHaibing
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93438.html]Re: [PATCH -next] ASoC: madera: Remove duplicated include from cs47l35.c, Charles Keepax
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93318.html][PATCH v4] ASoC: rt1308: Add RT1308 amplifier driver, derek.fang
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93316.html][PATCH] ALSA: seq: fix incorrect order of dest_client/dest_ports arguments, Colin King
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93317.html]Re: [PATCH] ALSA: seq: fix incorrect order of dest_client/dest_ports arguments, Takashi Iwai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93306.html][PATCH] ALSA: hda/realtek - Change front mic location for Lenovo M710q, Dennis Wassenberg
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93308.html]Re: [PATCH] ALSA: hda/realtek - Change front mic location for Lenovo M710q, Takashi Iwai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93296.html][PATCH] ASoC: meson: axg-card: remove useless check on codec, Jerome Brunet
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93290.html][PATCH 0/2] ALSA: firewire-lib: fix miss detection from MIDI conformant data channel in AM824 format for IR context, Takashi Sakamoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93291.html][PATCH 2/2] ALSA: firewire-lib: fix to process MIDI conformant data channel for AM824 format, Takashi Sakamoto
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93301.html]Re: [PATCH 2/2] ALSA: firewire-lib: fix to process MIDI conformant data channel for AM824 format, Takashi Iwai
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93292.html][PATCH 1/2] ALSA: firewire-lib: cache next data_block_counter after probing tracepoints event for IR context, Takashi Sakamoto
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93300.html]Re: [PATCH 1/2] ALSA: firewire-lib: cache next data_block_counter after probing tracepoints event for IR context, Takashi Iwai
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93289.html][PATCH] ALSA: firewire-lib/fireworks: fix miss detection of received MIDI messages, Takashi Sakamoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93302.html]Re: [PATCH] ALSA: firewire-lib/fireworks: fix miss detection of received MIDI messages, Takashi Iwai
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93319.html]Re: [PATCH] ALSA: firewire-lib/fireworks: fix miss detection of received MIDI messages, Takashi Sakamoto
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93321.html]Re: [PATCH] ALSA: firewire-lib/fireworks: fix miss detection of received MIDI messages, Takashi Iwai
                         @ [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93379.html]Re: [PATCH] ALSA: firewire-lib/fireworks: fix miss detection of received MIDI messages, Takashi Sakamoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93390.html][PATCH] ALSA: firewire-lib/fireworks: fix miss detection of received MIDI messages, Takashi Sakamoto
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93400.html]Re: [PATCH] ALSA: firewire-lib/fireworks: fix miss detection of received MIDI messages, Takashi Iwai
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93403.html]Re: [PATCH] ALSA: firewire-lib/fireworks: fix miss detection of received MIDI messages, Takashi Sakamoto
                         @ [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93406.html]Re: [PATCH] ALSA: firewire-lib/fireworks: fix miss detection of received MIDI messages, Takashi Iwai
                              - [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93405.html]Re: [PATCH] ALSA: firewire-lib/fireworks: fix miss detection of received MIDI messages, Takashi Sakamoto
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93265.html][PATCH v2 00/23] ASoC: use devm_xxx, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93266.html][PATCH v2 01/23] ASoC: atmel: atmel-pcm-dma.c: use devm_snd_dmaengine_pcm_register(), Kuninori Morimoto
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93314.html]Re: [PATCH v2 01/23] ASoC: atmel: atmel-pcm-dma.c: use devm_snd_dmaengine_pcm_register(), Codrin.Ciubotariu
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93267.html][PATCH v2 02/23] ASoC: sunxi: sun4i-i2s.c: use devm_snd_dmaengine_pcm_register(), Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93268.html][PATCH v2 03/23] ASoC: tegra: tegra_pcm.c: use devm_snd_dmaengine_pcm_register(), Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93269.html][PATCH v2 04/23] ASoC: ux500: ux500_pcm.c: use devm_snd_dmaengine_pcm_register(), Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93270.html][PATCH v2 05/23] ASoC: au1x: i2sc.c: use devm_snd_soc_register_component(), Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93271.html][PATCH v2 06/23] ASoC: au1x: ac97c.c: use devm_snd_soc_register_component(), Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93272.html][PATCH v2 07/23] ASoC: au1x: psc-ac97.c: use devm_snd_soc_register_component(), Kuninori Morimoto
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93427.html]Re: [PATCH v2 07/23] ASoC: au1x: psc-ac97.c: use devm_snd_soc_register_component(), Mark Brown
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93463.html]Re: [PATCH v2 07/23] ASoC: au1x: psc-ac97.c: use devm_snd_soc_register_component(), Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93273.html][PATCH v2 08/23] ASoC: au1x: psc-i2s.c: use devm_snd_soc_register_component(), Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93274.html][PATCH v2 09/23] ASoC: cirrus: ep93xx-i2s.c: use devm_snd_soc_register_component(), Kuninori Morimoto
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93428.html]Re: [PATCH v2 09/23] ASoC: cirrus: ep93xx-i2s.c: use devm_snd_soc_register_component(), Mark Brown
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93275.html][PATCH v2 10/23] ASoC: cirrus: ep93xx-ac97.c: use devm_snd_soc_register_component(), Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93276.html][PATCH v2 11/23] ASoC: rt5682: use devm_snd_soc_register_component(), Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93277.html][PATCH v2 12/23] ASoC: ak4118: use devm_snd_soc_register_component(), Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93278.html][PATCH v2 13/23] ASoC: cros_ec_codec: use devm_snd_soc_register_component(), Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93279.html][PATCH v2 14/23] ASoC: fsl: imx-ssi.c: use devm_snd_soc_register_component(), Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93280.html][PATCH v2 15/23] ASoC: fsl: mpc5200_psc_i2s.c: use devm_snd_soc_register_component(), Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93281.html][PATCH v2 16/23] ASoC: fsl: mpc5200_psc_ac97.c: use devm_snd_soc_register_component(), Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93282.html][PATCH v2 17/23] ASoC: pxa: pxa2xx-ac97.c: use devm_snd_soc_register_component(), Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93283.html][PATCH v2 18/23] ASoC: tegra: tegra20_i2s.c: use devm_snd_soc_register_component(), Kuninori Morimoto
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93429.html]Re: [PATCH v2 18/23] ASoC: tegra: tegra20_i2s.c: use devm_snd_soc_register_component(), Mark Brown
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93284.html][PATCH v2 19/23] ASoC: tegra: tegra20_spdif.c: use devm_snd_soc_register_component(), Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93285.html][PATCH v2 20/23] ASoC: tegra: tegra20_ac97.c: use devm_snd_soc_register_component(), Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93286.html][PATCH v2 21/23] ASoC: tegra: tegra30_i2s.c: use devm_snd_soc_register_component(), Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93287.html][PATCH v2 22/23] ASoC: ti: davinci-i2s.c: use devm_snd_soc_register_component(), Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93288.html][PATCH v2 23/23] ASoC: ux500: ux500_msp_dai.c: use devm_snd_soc_register_component(), Kuninori Morimoto
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93264.html][PATCH v2 27/27] sound: ppc: remove unneeded memset after dma_alloc_coherent, Fuqian Huang
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93305.html]Re: [PATCH v2 27/27] sound: ppc: remove unneeded memset after dma_alloc_coherent, Christophe Leroy
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93307.html]Re: [PATCH v2 27/27] sound: ppc: remove unneeded memset after dma_alloc_coherent, Fuqian Huang
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93311.html]Re: [PATCH v2 27/27] sound: ppc: remove unneeded memset after dma_alloc_coherent, Takashi Iwai
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93315.html]Re: [PATCH v2 27/27] sound: ppc: remove unneeded memset after dma_alloc_coherent, Christophe Leroy
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93263.html][PATCH v2 26/27] sound: oss: use kzalloc rather than kmalloc with memset, Fuqian Huang
     * [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93214.html][PATCH 00/46] ASoC: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93215.html][PATCH 01/46] ASoC: vc4: vc4_htmi: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93216.html][PATCH 02/46] ASoC: atmel: atmel-classd: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93217.html][PATCH 03/46] ASoC: atmel: atmel-pdmic: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93218.html][PATCH 04/46] ASoC: atmel: atmel_wm8904: consider CPU-Platform possibility unnecessary Platform", Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93219.html][PATCH 05/46] ASoC: amtel: mikroe-proto: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93220.html][PATCH 06/46] ASoC: atmel: sam9g20_wm8731: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93221.html][PATCH 07/46] ASoC: atmel: sam9x5_wm8731: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93222.html][PATCH 08/46] ASoC: atmel: tse850-pcm5142: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93223.html][PATCH 09/46] ASoC: fsl: eukrea-tlv320: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93224.html][PATCH 10/46] ASoC: fsl: fsl-asoc-card: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93225.html][PATCH 11/46] ASoC: fsl: imx-es8328: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93226.html][PATCH 12/46] ASoC: fsl: imx-sgtl5000: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93227.html][PATCH 13/46] ASoC: fsl: imx-spdif: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93228.html][PATCH 14/46] ASoC: fsl: imx-audmix: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93229.html][PATCH 15/46] ASoC: kirkwood: armada-370-db: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93230.html][PATCH 16/46] ASoC: mxs: mxs-sgtl5000: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93231.html][PATCH 17/46] ASoC: qcom: apq8016_sbc: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93232.html][PATCH 18/46] ASoC: qcom: storm: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93233.html][PATCH 19/46] ASoC: rockchip: rk3288_hdmi_analog: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93234.html][PATCH 20/46] ASoC: rockchip: rockchip_max98090: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93235.html][PATCH 21/46] ASoC: rockchip: rockchip_rt5645: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93236.html][PATCH 22/46] ASoC: samsung: arndale_rt5631: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93237.html][PATCH 23/46] ASoC: samsung: smdk_wm8994: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93238.html][PATCH 24/46] ASoC: samsung: snow: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93239.html][PATCH 26/46] ASoC: sirf: sirf-audio: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93240.html][PATCH 25/46] ASoC: samsung: tm2_wm5110: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93241.html][PATCH 27/46] ASoC: sunxi: sun4i-codec: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93242.html][PATCH 28/46] ASoC: tegra: tegra_alc5632: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93243.html][PATCH 29/46] ASoC: tegra: tegra_max98090: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93244.html][PATCH 30/46] ASoC: tegra: tegra_rt5640: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93245.html][PATCH 31/46] ASoC: tegra: tegra_rt5677: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93246.html][PATCH 32/46] ASoC: tegra: tegra_sgtl5000: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93247.html][PATCH 33/46] ASoC: tegra: tegra_wm8753: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93248.html][PATCH 34/46] ASoC: tegra: tegra_wm8903: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93249.html][PATCH 35/46] ASoC: tegra: tegra_wm9712: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93250.html][PATCH 36/46] ASoC: tegra: trimslice: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93251.html][PATCH 37/46] ASoC: ti: davinci-evm: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93252.html][PATCH 38/46] ASoC: ti: omap-abe-twl6040: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93253.html][PATCH 39/46] ASoC: ti: omap-hdmi: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93254.html][PATCH 40/46] ASoC: ti: omap-twl4030: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93255.html][PATCH 41/46] ASoC: ti: rx51: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93256.html][PATCH 42/46] ASoC: ux500: mop500: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93257.html][PATCH 43/46] ASoC: simple-card-utils: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93258.html][PATCH 44/46] ASoC: qcom: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93259.html][PATCH 45/46] ASoC: rockchip: rk3399_gru_sound: consider CPU-Platform possibility, Kuninori Morimoto
          + [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93260.html][PATCH 46/46] ASoC: soc-utils: respawn dummy Platform, Kuninori Morimoto
               o [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93465.html]Re: [PATCH 46/46] ASoC: soc-utils: respawn dummy Platform, Tzung-Bi Shih
                    # [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93469.html]Re: [PATCH 46/46] ASoC: soc-utils: respawn dummy Platform, Kuninori Morimoto
                         @ [https://www.spinics.net/lists/alsa-devel/msg93470.html]Re: [PATCH 46/46] ASoC: soc-utils: respawn dummy Platform, Tzung-Bi Shih
